Improve and update README (#77)
opengisch/qgis-pg-service-parser-plugin: README.md

### Edit PG service entries

<img width="560" height="422" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/50629923-8684-4da9-b6dd-1a2797701dfe" />

### Duplicate PG service entries

If you want to duplicate a service, choose whether to copy/clone the service into a new service or to overwrite an existing one.

<img width="560" height="446" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a6120c41-c0fd-45e6-a41e-7b7cc72a57c0" />

If you perform the **overwrite** operation on a regular basis (e.g., switching from a service definition to another, while preserving the name), you can add `Shortcuts`, which give you a handy way to execute the same overwrite from the plugin icon or from the `Database` menu.

<img width="377" height="168" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/ce2e8415-b231-46bc-aa38-d1625c4282ac" />

### QGIS Connection to a PG service

You can create QGIS connections to a PG database, directly from the PG services that you edit.

<img width="560" height="422" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/4d1a9d0a-55fa-4bea-a633-2a9b1fe21607" />

### For devs

#### pgserviceparser library

> This plugin uses the [pgserviceparser](https://github.com/opengisch/pgserviceparser) library, which is also available as a [PYPI package](https://pypi.org/project/pgserviceparser/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This plugin uses the [pgserviceparser](https://github.com/opengisch/pgserviceparser) library, which is available as a standalone package on [PYPI](https://pypi.org/project/pgserviceparser/).
```
